docs: Qdrant vector store documentation (#1796)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/credentials/qdrant.md

---
title: Qdrant credentials
description: Documentation for the Qdrant credentials. Use these credentials to authenticate Qdrant in n8n, a workflow automation platform.
---

# Qdrant credentials

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes:

* [Qdrant Vector Store](/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/root-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.vectorstoreqdrant/)

## Prerequisites

You need an API key and Qdrant cluster URL to establish a connection.

> Refer to [Qdrant's authentication docs](https://qdrant.tech/documentation/cloud/authentication/#authentication) to know how to get these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Qdrant's authentication docs](https://qdrant.tech/documentation/cloud/authentication/#authentication){:target=_blank .external-link} for guidance on getting your key and URL.
```
